chore(iota-indexer): Add backfill section to `README.md` (#8067)
iotaledger/iota: crates/iota-indexer/README.md

More available flags can be found in this [file](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota/blob/develop/crates/iota-indexer/src/lib.rs).

### Backfilling of data

> When a new database table is introduced, backfilling may be required to populate historical data.

Reviewer: This is not limited to new database tables. We might want to backfill a new column, or an existing column that its semantics are changed. I would therefore suggest generalizing to

```suggestion
Sometimes when the schema changes (e.g. adding a new table or column), backfilling may be required to populate historical data.
```

> The CLI provides a `run-backfill` command to facilitate this process.

Reviewer: I suggest you add a block with the output of `iota-indexer run-backfill --help` here.

```
Usage: iota-indexer run-backfill [OPTIONS] <START> <END> <COMMAND>                             │
                                                                                               │
Commands:                                                                                      │
  sql        Run a SQL backfill                                                                │
  ingestion  Run a backfill driven by the ingestion engine                                     │
  help       Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)                         │
                                                                                               │
Arguments:                                                                                     │
  <START>  Start of the range to backfill, inclusive. It can be a checkpoint number or an epoch│
           or any other identifier that can be used to slice the backfill range                │
  <END>    End of the range to backfill, inclusive                                             │
                                                                                               │
Options:                                                                                       │
      --max-concurrency <MAX_CONCURRENCY>                                                      │
          Maximum number of concurrent tasks to run [default: 10]                              │
      --chunk-size <CHUNK_SIZE>                                                                │
          Number of checkpoints to backfill in a single SQL command [default: 1000]            │
  -h, --help                                                                                   │
          Print help         
```

Then you it would be helpful to users to discuss briefly the `ingestion` and `sql` options, before going into the specifics for the `tx-wrapped-or-deleted-objects` ingestion job below.

Author: Hey @kodemartin , I see this comes in handy. I added the print and briefly discussed the `ingestion` and `sql` options.

Author: I see there is a generalization issue in this description "Number of checkpoints to backfill in a single SQL command [default: 1000]" - fixed it with https://github.com/iotaledger/iota/pull/8067/commits/ba9858390a5e4aee9272636fca86522a3e9e86d1

#### Backfill job: `tx-wrapped-or-deleted-objects`

This job backfills the `tx_wrapped_or_deleted_objects` table, which indexes transactions that either wrapped or deleted given objects.
Replace `<START>` and `<END>` with the desired checkpoint range to backfill (e.g., `0` `10000`, both inclusive), and `<REMOTE_STORE_URL>` with the fullnode REST API URL used to fetch checkpoint data.

```sh
cargo run --bin iota-indexer -- --database-url "postgres://postgres:postgrespw@localhost/iota_indexer" run-backfill <START> <END> ingestion tx-wrapped-or-deleted-objects <REMOTE_STORE_URL>
```

#### Configuring concurrency and chunk size

You can use the following parameters to optimize performance:

`--max-concurrency`: Maximum number of concurrent tasks to run (default: `10`).

`--chunk-size`: Size of the data chunks processed per task (default: `1000`).

#### Error Handling

If any errors occur during the backfill, the error log will indicate the exact chunk (`{start}`-`{end}`) where the failure occurred. To avoid any data gaps, restart the backfill from the calculated restart point:

> `restart_from = failed_chunk_start - (max_concurrency * chunk_size)`

Reviewer 2: If it failed at `failed_chunk_start`, why couldn't we restart from the same point?
If user always has to use this formula, maybe it would be better to adjust the error log itself?

Author: The tasks are run concurrently, imagine there are 5 tasks and the last one fails, but all other 4 are not completed yet. Restarting at the last one would lead to gaps in the database.

The user doesn't always have to use this formula, especially if he knows a better restart point than the worst-case one. We discussed this in the PR and thought we could eventually later add an automatic restart calculation log (exact by tracking the tasks or approximately as done with this formula). Considering this, I think we can consider this as an improvement for later.

Reviewer 2: Got it. Let's keep it in mind for future improvement then.

           can be used to slice the backfill range
  <END>    End of the range to backfill, inclusive

Options:
      --max-concurrency <MAX_CONCURRENCY>  Maximum number of concurrent tasks to run [default: 10]
      --chunk-size <CHUNK_SIZE>            Size of the data chunks processed per task [default: 1000]
  -h, --help                               Print help
```

It supports following backfill options:

- `sql`: Executes a SQL statement directly against the database in chunks, filtering on a specified column (typically a sequence number). Conflict resolution is handled automatically with `ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING`.
- `ingestion`: Fetches and buffers checkpoint data from a remote store, then slices the buffered checkpoint data into chunks to backfill the database.

#### Backfill job: `tx-wrapped-or-deleted-objects`

This job backfills the `tx_wrapped_or_deleted_objects` table, which indexes transactions that either wrapped or deleted given objects.
Replace `<START>` and `<END>` with the desired checkpoint range to backfill (e.g., `0` `10000`, both inclusive), and `<REMOTE_STORE_URL>` with the fullnode REST API URL used to fetch checkpoint data.

```sh

> cargo run --bin iota-indexer -- --database-url "postgres://postgres:postgrespw@localhost/iota_indexer" run-backfill <START> <END> ingestion tx-wrapped-or-deleted-objects <REMOTE_STORE_URL>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo run --bin iota-indexer -- --database-url <DATABASE_URL> run-backfill <START> <END> ingestion tx-wrapped-or-deleted-objects <REMOTE_STORE_URL>
```

```

#### Configuring concurrency and chunk size

You can use the following parameters to optimize performance:

`--max-concurrency`: Maximum number of concurrent tasks to run (default: `10`).

> `--chunk-size`: Size of the data chunks processed per task (default: `1000`).

Reviewer: This is now covered by the usage block added above. So it can be removed.

Author: Removed this dedicated section: https://github.com/iotaledger/iota/pull/8067/commits/e55892d803598ed8068201dda7c00ed323d2637a
